hey guys welcome to my basketball
stadium tour it's not done yet but I
lost footage of me doing a whole bunch
of crap to it so I figured why not just
give you guys tour and let you know what
I got planned and taking a take around
so start with the main entranceway here
this is a cool little design I came up
with on the fly and I think it just
looks really awesome the team colors are
obviously red black and white more so
based off my favorite NBA team we'll
start with the underneath part because
it's the most boring right now basically
this is just places for the fans to walk
around and get to their seats and I
eventually want to put concession stands
and some bathrooms down here and whatnot
eating areas look it to that thing later
fly around you're quick that's basically
it I got these cool little designs which
are actually if you didn't never notice
there to cover up let's see I got I'm
gonna I'm gonna forget how this goes
back I'll take that one
okay see I had to cover up the stairs
that were there and stuff so I just kind
of put some designs over it a little fun
fact they're all these things are
covering up stairs on the top side um
that's basically it I got a lot to go
down here I just got that one side done
really but there will be a lot more down
here I also want to put windows along
the side I think that would be pretty
cool to see outside same with maybe in
that room - I gotta go all the way back
over here alright so this is one of the
stairways I started building to get up
to the second level I don't know what
I'm going to do in here probably fit a
bathroom or an elevator or something
cool in here not that bathroom is cool
or an elevator but you know
so that it up to the second floor
this is probably what I'll finish next
working on this and then just duplicate
it to the other side you got a little
archway here to walk in and you got all
these nosebleed seats um
these white things here also our stairs
um I think goes good with the design the
overall look at my team and everything
and I just like the way it looks um
sticking with the red black and white on
the floor up here that's basically it
for that right now I mean it's kind of
cool you can just go right up to the
edge and if Oh jump off anyway go right
up over here I have what do you call
these things skyboxes I wish you could
see through the glass easier but
whatever I guess if you're rich and you
want to buy one of these sky boxes you
can go ahead and do that I'm trying to
make this stadium super realistic not
that I've ever been in the skybox but
finger it's just kind of like a lounge
I've got some paintings on the wall mmm
those are pretty much done I just gotta
label them and stuff and I'm trying to
determine if I should keep the walls
stone brick so I kind of like that mm
this was going to be a bathroom I put
tinted glass in so you can see this
through but it's just not big enough so
I guess I might make it into like a test
area test if you liked our skybox or not
um what else do we got here suppose I
can take it on tour down here there's
not much to see right now it's just all
bare I have yet to go into to insert all
the crazy stuff otherwise you got the
more expensive seats
it got legroom and stuff and I'll cramp
together um little two-seaters this down
here is the locker room I should say you
got the players bench here and there and
now understand
I don't know if I need to add anything
else down here maybe but um I'm not sure
if you have any ideas let me know but
this leads down to the block room there
was a filter in here I have to expand
the locker room it's kind of tiny this
was just kinda to have a room existing
and I'll build off it I may even have to
lower the stairs one you know hit your
head
I hear bats chirping let's go to the
other side maybe that's where the
village is mm-hmm he was my only fan at
one point - no there is just sit in the
corner uh-huh in the corner
see ya oh all right so that's that's one
of my basketball players he's a recruit
rookie free agent whatever that's
basically it
there's a lot of work to go I just want
kind of on just show you guys what was
up and what I plant I should go up what
I have planned I have to put stairs on
this side as well so you can get up over
here it's going to take forever um I
already started building the stairs on
this side and then I got to build the
outer wall and all that and I plan this
is going to be a kind of a cool-looking
basketball Stadium
it's not going to expand the whole thing
it's just going to kind of be like
trying to turn think of a good word
explain this but you know what I'm gonna
I'm going to make something to explain
it okay so this will be oops pretend
this is the stadium right and the roof
is going to add some parts it's going to
be like that if that makes sense
not the whole thing maybe the whole
thing I don't know and then I'll have
dinner too then I'll have little support
beans up on the outside you know to hold
up the the corners we're CR it extends
it'll just kind of be like a dome around
the outside like this would be mmm and
I'll kind of hold it up and that will
kind of be the design of the stadium
although it might change I think I look
kind of cool there will be certain spots
that'll look different and it'll be
it'll just be kind of cool but that's
basically what it's gonna end up looking
like um I think that's it but if you
guys have any ideas you think I should
change something whatever just let me
know
I'm always open to new ideas and want to
hear what you got to say otherwise
thanks for watching and stay tuned to
see how this thing turns out see ya